We can look at what the programmers who wanted to start a business 10 years ago were thinking, what they were thinking, and how they whipped
policy their own.
01
【About growth】
1. People often unconsciously write down the parts that are beneficial to them, which is an important reason for grievances.
2. People with different degrees of delayed gratification cannot effectively discuss issues, because they are willing to touch
The depth of exploration is different.
3. Don't do what you can't do well. If you want to do it, you must do it very well.
4. When you feel that communication is difficult, the best way to communicate is not to think too much about skills and sayings, but to:
more open communication
5. Feelings: The gap in life is opened by feeling good about yourself -- admonishing with friends
6. Experience: But when you can’t choose or judge, take a step away and use more important principles and longer
It becomes clear when measured on the time scale.
7. The words that are not understood in communication are often because these words use pronouns such as "this" and "that",
or general nouns, ambiguous adjectives, adverbs, and quantifiers often "are vague or have
The content of the divergence". Although the sentence is complete, the meaning is not clear. However, if the replaced part
The points are clear and will not be incomprehensible. All you have to do is grab the word and give it back to them.
8. Practice patience, even in fast-paced and stressful situations
9. The analogy I listened to Wang Xing’s speech today: life, who you are on the road with, and what scenery you see. I recently
I'm also thinking that in the future, let the children read more biographies, including the TV series "Ashin",
Looking at other people's landscapes and journeys makes it easier to think clearly about your options.
10. Adrenaline and sanity should work together.
11. Finding things is not easy, only with a strong motivation and tenacity to succeed.
12. The strength of path dependence can represent delayed gratification.
13. Referring to other people's opinions is just a clue to judge, not a determination to make a decision.
14. Lao Tzu said that misfortune is where blessings lie, and blessings are where misfortune lies. Don't get carried away when you are lucky, when you are frustrated
Don't despair even now, believe that things will always turn around. So is this sentence idealistic or materialistic?
Of course it is materialistic. Telling you that forgetfulness and frustration are useless, do meaningful things and pay attention to things.
Changes in love.
15. Common enemies of wisdom: undelayed gratification, paralysis or fear from experience.
16. Most of the time, it's not that they don't understand, or even fail to recognize, or they just don't want to deeply realize that often
Often or vaguely subjective at work.
17. The most expensive thing is "tuition fee".
18. I chatted with a friend three years ago and asked him what he valued in his collaborators and talents. I can’t remember the other points
Stop it, but remember: don't pretend to be B. I was taken aback for a moment, but then it made more sense. often have to mention
Wake yourself up, which is also an exercise in delayed gratification.
19. Keep thinking about how to make the future more exciting.
20. Young people should not try to pursue a sense of security, especially when they are young, the surrounding environment has never been
Have an absolute sense of security. If you feel safe, it is very likely that you will start to hide the crisis. real ann
The sense of wholeness comes from your confidence in yourself, the realization of your goals at each stage, and the real belonging
Feeling lies deep in your heart, controlling your own destiny, because your biggest opponent will always be yourself
Has.
21. If I gave myself one suggestion in the past 5 years, it would be to be more radical.
22. Almost 50 years old, clear and in-depth thinking, sensitive to details, high-level execution, well-controlled
own emotions. Participate in activities at night to see the good points of others.
23. There will be a premium for short-term communication and flickering, but there will be a premium for long-term communication.
24. There is no risk in working hard.
25. It is difficult to see the shortcomings, and it is even more difficult to weigh the shortcomings to see the advantages; it is difficult to avoid mistakes, but to accept mistakes to achieve success
Gong is more difficult.
26. Choice is more important than effort, concept is more important than choice.
27. The pleasure of meeting a good book is similar to meeting a very worthwhile friend.
28. Lived in 6 places in Beijing for 6 years: Huilongguan, Shuangyushu, Zhichunli, Hepingli, Huixin
West Street, Xitucheng. where have you lived
29. Practice more, and you will arrive early: listen to your ears, know the destiny, follow your heart and do not exceed the rules. Reminds me of a friend's msn
Signature: Thirty Ears Shun, I didn't pay attention at the time, but now I think it's amazing, half in advance.
30. Be active when you are not active, and calm when you are too active.
31. A humble person can see his own shortcomings, and a confident person can still be active even when he knows the shortcomings.
32. You will eventually become what you want --- if you really want to. Although it may sound a bit disingenuous,
But a strong desire is really important.
33. Inamori wanted to resign and leave the company that was about to close down, but was scolded by his brother: "In a company like this where no one works
If you can’t make any achievements, what else can you do? 2. Rockefeller felt he could no longer bear day after day
After a day of boring work, I proposed to change the post, but the supervisor said coldly, "Either work hard or find another way out."
The same reason, different sayings, but hit like thunder and made two business giants. still
That sentence, don't complain, think of a way.
34. Regarding consumption: buying books, exercising, and studying are all capital costs. The marginal cost is very low. For many
People, as long as you can really complete these consumptions, funds are not the main cost and are worth investing heavily in
Consumption. In summary, I highly recommend that you buy books, e-books, ipads, smart phones, and fitness
card, swimming card. . . Is there any other consumption like this?
35. "Independent thinking and being true to one's own heart" "The more simple and less vain the choices you make, the more practical you will be
and doable"
36. I heard that some people can read a book a day. The problem is not the speed of reading, but the difficulty of knowing and doing.
The speed of practice cannot keep up with the known requirements, and there are a lot of debts
37. If there is any secret to be effective, it is to be good at concentrating energy --- "Effective
manage"
38. Studying how smart people make mistakes is highly rewarding. Mistakes that smart people make include: 1. Jealousy of him
people succeed; 2 pretentious: 3 trust their own judgment too much; 4 stop learning; 5 think the world
is still, living in past glory; 6 everything has its own reason, and deep
Undoubted statements and theories: forget that without investigation and research, there is no right to speak. do you fit
39. Adhering to principles is often economical, and can be regarded as an investment with short-term floating losses and long-term benefits
capital.
40. It is really difficult to unite knowledge and action, what is the difference?
41. I will be glad that I did something, but I will also be glad that I did not do it
42. Strengthen concentration training, which is the guarantee of priority management and a basis for continuous concentration
It is physical strength and energy, exercise and practice.
43. Read books at night, read books --- with regret and effort to restrain regret
44. It is found that maintaining physical strength and energy is a basic task~
45. I chatted with my friends yesterday and concluded: In this society where information flows faster and more transparently,
From an economic point of view, the cost of being a duplicity is getting higher and higher, and dirty people will become more and more
As luck would have it, not pretending is not only a moral choice, but also more economical. many people still
Didn't realize this.
46. A job that has been unsatisfactory for a long time has finally improved, and patience is very important. everything has
The reason, as long as you seriously find the reason and work hard to improve, it will have an effect.
47. Today’s talk mentioned sensibility and rationality, my point of view: the deepening of sensibility is placed in the depths, and the realization of rationality is placed in
forward.
48. In the morning, Professor Zhou Qiren from Peking University gave a wonderful speech. He believes that a person who has been trusted by others for a long time
people, the higher the income. There is something more important than knowledge and skills, and that is trust. them
After studying the income of migrant workers, the team found that the people with the highest income are often not physically
When you are the best and most skilled, but when you are most trusted. So, become a trusted
people, very important.
49. Change what you can change at present, focus on circle of influence: the most important thing now - relax,
Go to sleep.
50. Recent thoughts: Word of mouth is very important, character is very important, credit is very important, the older you are, the more important you are, the principle
Be firm.
51. It is impossible for God to deceive me, because all deceptions have loopholes - Descartes
52. It is actually very different to do things to the full or to do things well. We can easily see that the
Things are full, but it is easy to neglect to do things well.
53. Indicator system: Why can’t I keep brushing my teeth seriously, and why can I keep running on the treadmill.
There are many things that are not easy to do well and are not valued because there is no indicator system. for example,
If there are accurate and convenient measurement indicators for health, then everyone's physical fitness will definitely improve. but
Indicators are not necessarily easy to refine. The process of refining indicators is itself a process of decomposing the characteristics of things. and
Indicators should be measured frequently. For example: When I found out that my eye prescription had risen by 100 degrees today, I only sent
Now that the eyes are too tired, and the eyes are not paying attention, it is very inappropriate to read on the mobile phone. close
The key is to know today wow. . .
54. Most people, indeed, want to bypass difficulties from the beginning. Good questions are half the answer, the rest
Half the answer is struggle.
55. What biographies have you read? I remembered what my friend said 2 years ago: If you don’t know what to let your child read,
Best for biography. Thinking and remembering recently: about the formation of character, ideals, motivation,
I think so.
56. I dared to think about it last year: I felt that my previous bosses were not too harsh on me. otherwise i would be
can do better. Of course, it is very likely that they think that they have done a good job, and they ran away if they were too harsh.
In fact, it is not true for people who can drive themselves.
57. Regarding sensibility, it may be worry or sadness, but you see that life is not easy, and when you see life
When you are real: you will be sad, but you will not be sad because of the appearance; you will be happy, but you will not be flashy
Bliss. Sometimes in life, I suddenly hear cruel but true and penetrating words, and see that the original is against the world.
It is a book with a broad view and rationality, until you will subconsciously see the true face of life, your sensibility
changed.
58. Weaknesses in human nature when playing Texas Hold’em: 1) greedy for fun (play bad cards at the beginning but don’t fold), 2)
Lucky (hope and other low-probability events), 3) can't let go (don't give up because of past efforts), 4) past
Highly generalized (see only one example and draw conclusions). In fact, Texas Hold'em is the same as life: you should:
1) Understand uncertainty, 2) Focus on what is possible, 3) Evaluate probability rationally, 4) Give up talents
Can get 5) Avoid impulsiveness.
59. On Zhihu, I saw the thinking of many smart thinkers in the IT industry, and the density is very high. 2 feels like
The atmosphere is not brought by the mode 3 I like to live with people who think smart
60. Finally finished reading <<How to Read a Book>>. Americans are serious, put the reading
The problem method gets to the bottom of it. This is not an infotainment book, it is a book of need and understanding.
The Chinese version is not well translated.
61. Regarding one thing, when you think about the selfishness of the other party in your heart, think about yourself: Most of them find that they are also selfish.
Full of selfishness. When you call someone greedy, think about yourself: most find themselves greedy, too.
62. If you are a rational person, you don't have to do many things. The attitude of being an emotional person and doing things rationally has its meaning.
63. There is a passage in the mobile newspaper today: "Being alone is a spiritual massage" Sitting quietly in a small room, strolling in the
On the trail, lying flat on the beach... Consciously face yourself and talk to your heart. like to be alone
People, when they are with other people, tend to handle it better. Communication and solitude complement each other to
Let the inner mature and strong.
64. I am afraid of not being serious and not thinking about everything. I should be able to know a lot of questions, but I didn't recognize them before.
Look at it, think about it seriously, take it for granted (not that there is no time). Delayed gratification is a long-term discipline.
65. When a typhoon comes, pigs will fly. Therefore, when you really fly, you must clearly know
Is it because he can fly, or is it caused by external forces. Pigs flying by typhoons will fall down sooner or later.
66. Someone asked Bill Gates: What is your greatest fear? Gates replied: My greatest fear is those
A young man who is working day and night in a dilapidated garage.
67. After writing the document and going to bed, I remembered the "facebook effect" I watched today, and suddenly thought of "Public
A substance introduced in General Biology: dopamine. Recently, I have become more and more reminded of the difference in status between people,
Whether there is passion, whether it is self-motivated, whether it is the metabolism level of such substances determines the fundamentals.
Sean Parker is the poster child for high dopamine levels?
68. There are too many things to do, and I often have to restrain my excitement.
69. Communication, listening to a person: do you know what he is saying, do you know that he knows what he is saying
Say what you know if they know what he's talking about.
70. Tonight, when I get off work every Friday night, I often say to my colleagues: I will
Let's do a good job of xxx during the holidays. Every time I suddenly think that this sentence is contradictory, I can't ask for it like this. Um,
Life and work should be balanced. However, we are working hard when others are corrupt, and we are working hard when others are wasting time.
When we are learning, then delayed gratification will definitely come from accumulation.
71. Delayed gratification experience: Contain emotions, let yourself be still, don't walk around when communicating,
Shaking, emotions jumping, thoughts losing precise control.
72. Finding mistakes or problems can start from discovering self-contradictory points, if you can use logic rationally.
73. Concentration can also be increased and expenditure can be reduced. Desires and distracting thoughts can distract attention and reduce expenditure. Exercise and
Attention training is open source
74. If you don't force yourself, you will never know how great your potential is. Many things must be done, yes
Not for it.
75. I often ask myself recently: what action can be taken immediately, are you an actionist? many problems it does not
Will disappear, not moving (hesitating/complaining/sighing) is definitely a mistake, action has power, even if it is action
Only action can change things.
76. The book "How to Read a Book" is more about learning attitude and communication than skills.
common method. For example, in the chapter of agreeing and disagreeing with the author, in fact, the title can also be written as, Approval on Communication
With and against.
77. Good questions are half the answer
78. Jobs said stayhungry, I think hunger has three levels: greed, achievement motivation, good
Curiosity. The three focus on: the instantaneous result, the continuous process, and the great unknown. three
It also corresponds to three kinds of people: despicable speculators, hard climbers, and happy explorers.
79. There are quite a few comments saying that they do not understand this passage. Experts who study happiness tell us that there are three kinds of happiness:
pleasure (joy), passion (enthusiasm), higherpurpose (ideal, meaningful). Its
Joy is the shortest, followed by passion, and ideal is the longest.
80. There are many things I want to learn. My life has a limit and knows no limit. There are two understandings,
An active understanding is that there should be priority planning for learning.
81. Subtraction is the most difficult and the easiest
82. It is popular among young people to regard retirement at the age of thirty or forty as an ideal. I don’t agree, I think it is ideal
It is to always have the opportunity to create and realize ideas, to have the opportunity to learn, practice, and create until old age. why
Want to retire? Thinking of retiring means that you think you are "forbearance" now. I still have many, many ideas to do,
I hope that in my 30s and 40s, I have more conditions to realize my ideas.
83. There are always some people in the crowd who are xx higher than ordinary people (very good) with energy and fighting spirit, love to learn, love to create
Made, love toss. In the afternoon, I chatted with an old friend in a top Internet company, and he is coming out again
Start a business.
84. I found that recently, whether it is a colleague of the same company, an investor, or an old classmate
I also mentioned one thing: In the past year, I have changed a lot. I believe they can feel or observe,
But only I know the way of changing my mind, so I feel it is very natural.
85. Getting enough sleep is the first step to being active and productive.
86. Self-realization, self-cultivation is the highest level
87. It is not the lack of beauty in life, but the lack of sharing
88. I am very serious about many good ideas, and now they are being realized or on the way to realization
up. I really hope that I can divide my body and work hard at the same time, so how precise my life is. but avatar is not
It is possible, so we can only 1. Prioritize according to the situation 2. Find like-minded people.
89. At the MAD meeting today, I heard an introduction about SEO and mentioned that someone was very free and easy.
I didn't feel special about the character introduction. But for the word free and easy, I suddenly have some feelings. effect
Rate and competition tend to make people very precise, rigorous, detail-oriented, emphasizing planning and control, these
They are all right, but everyone should pay attention to keep a free and easy personality and outlook on life, and bring another career into another.
alley.
90. There are piles of IPO companies recently, but everyone must endure loneliness.
Success is determined by their past and belongs to them. Our success is our present and
to be determined in the future. I found that many things are often like this: today and tomorrow have been decided by yesterday,
You can also decide the day after tomorrow.
91. Fresh graduates should respect self-confidence, honesty and hard work, and believe that success can be obtained through study and hard work.
Don't be too flattering, take shortcuts. In fact, most of the interviews are not because of poor skills, but because of character and personality
no.
92. A string of imaginative and appropriate metaphors used in succession is a good way to make sense.
93. Inflation is looting your wallet, what should you do if your classmates ask? Three ways, one is as much as possible
To increase the household debt ratio, those who can borrow money in today's world are heroes; the second is to allocate resource assets,
There are only three things that can resist inflation, gold real estate and agricultural products;
Long-term holding, the immediate ups and downs are a test of patience. Unless the world is in chaos, the above three should be
is the law.
94. The situation I am in today is because I have some things that I should do that I did not do, things that I should not do
I will do it all, so if you want to change the status quo, you have to start with yourself
95. How sure are you that you will start a business, and how deeply do you feel that you will tell another person
I love you with such certainty that you have spiritual faith. You don't have to wait for everything to be 100% correct
Start a business when you are determined, love someone and build faith... In fact, our degree of certainty will never reach
100%, so will you keep waiting? Today, if you do not make a firm decision, you may lose
get more.
96. A strange technical problem that has plagued us for a long time, colleagues have concentrated their time on these two days
Force analysis, seeking help, troubleshooting, and trying finally solved it. I think of what Kazuo Inamori said: try your best,
If you are very serious, the gods will come to help. In fact, the gods may not help, but you will be closer to the problem
essence to solve the problem.
97. Systematic exercise needs to resist the inertia of the body. After exercising for a long time, not only the body is good but also the exercise
It is also very easy to start and form a habit of enthusiasm. Recently, I feel that reading and studying are similar.
98. After reading the chapter <How to Read a Book>: How to be a self-required reader. i.e. reading
It should be self-required and proactive. It is also applicable to replace the two characters of reading with many other words.
99. What exactly is execution? I think the executive power is: do what you say, don't make excuses, complete other tasks
Anything anyone can do. And stronger people can do it: accomplish what others cannot. same one
Things, if handed over to different employees, there will be different results, and those who cannot complete will have various reasons to come
Convince yourself to persuade the leader to expand a small difficulty from point to point. make a NB
People, from now on, stop making excuses.
100. Finding ways to success and finding reasons for failure are also two habits and qualities of human beings.
quality.
101. Discussing efficiency with my colleagues today, I talked about the problem that ambiguity affects efficiency and communication. Very
I agree, I have always felt that vague statements like the following should be avoided at work: "It should be about the same
It will probably be ready in two or three days. I guess it will take a little more time to get close. This thing is also okay.
Well, it’s best to be xxxx, it’s almost okay, I’ll fix it after a while, and it’s still okay.”
102. The progress of physical exercise in the last three months: less severe back pain, running five kilometers at a time,
Swimming a mile is easy. Short-term goals, learning freestyle, learning fitness, improving badminton
high.
103. The weaker a man stands on his beliefs, the more he will wrap his arms around those
the dogma that distinguishes it from other beliefs; on the contrary, the stronger a man stands on his convictions,
The more free he is to reach out to those who do not believe in him. - Good morning Frank,
everyone.
104. When it comes to self-cultivation, since laziness (physical, thinking, emotional) is the root of all evil, so
Cultivation is often about overcoming inertia.
105. Keep making small promises to yourself and trying to achieve them. One of the training methods of BeProactive.
106. I like an advertisement in the subway recently: we trust learning.
107. Mediocrity has gravity and requires escape velocity
108. Don’t be afraid of making mistakes, bad methods, or even bad habits. As long as you know how to self-correct.
Are you used to corrections?
109. Single people have some advantages, such as more free and independent thinking environment and time, lonely
Being alone often makes people deeper and broader. People who are not single think about how to avoid the disadvantages of being single.
110. I am almost 30 years old, and I feel that I have to study again in the past few years / tutoring should have been studied when I was a teenager
things: how to read, how to understand yourself, how to communicate with others, how to arrange time,
How to correctly view other people's opinions, how to motivate yourself, how to write, how to persist in exercising,
How patient. .
111. Today I met a classmate I haven't seen in 5 years and a classmate I haven't seen in half a year. During this period, a classmate said that
Working life is very boring recently. In fact, 5 years have changed a lot, but I don’t think it’s big enough.
The meaning of life can be found by oneself, and the meaning of changing life by oneself is very great. Don't wait for meaning to come to you.
To borrow Obama's words, change, yes we can.
112. It is actually very difficult to plan for a rainy day. In most cases, things push people away, and it is often easy
Being pushed is already not bad.
113. The Internet widens the gap between those who know how to learn and those who love to learn. This is not limited to mutual learning.
Networking industry. It's just that this trend in the Internet industry started first. Now a lot of junior high school students, high school students
Middle school students are more knowledgeable than college students and doctoral students. I have seen 2 middle school students who use wiki to organize all
Learned, all kinds of self-taught knowledge. How did I give birth so early. . .
114. Delayed gratification and resolute farewell to inertia are the two most important cornerstones of "excellence".
115. When a person begins to deeply understand himself and study himself, it means that this person begins to have a philosophy
Thinking about it indicates that this person has begun to enter a new stage of life.
116. Strongly agree that self-control (that is, anti-inertia) is an excellent standard. It's true that the marathon is not high
Standard, self-control of thinking consciousness and emotion is more difficult.
117. Awesome people look for ways, stupid people look for excuses
118. I was the one who pushed everyone to communicate on time management within the company yesterday. But honestly, I'm ashamed,
The last 2 or 3 weeks my own time management goals have dropped. Inertia is the root of all evil. from today
Began to strengthen consciously again.
119. Only when you leave your comfort zone will you challenge your limits.
120. "Proactive" is the basis of extensive and excellent qualities.
121. Look at the potential of young people, see what time he gets up on weekends, what he does on weekends, and what he does after get off work. even
It doesn't have to be what to do, just look at what to think.
122. When I first started learning physics in high school, the teacher repeatedly emphasized not to take it for granted, but to rely on feeling.
to reason. In fact, linear thinking is a common way of taking it for granted. Perhaps the normal state of many things is line-like.
nature, but the normal or ordinary things are often not the key, the situation that needs to be faced is often very
state, so be careful not to take linearity for granted.
123. When you are in a low state, the situation is often not as difficult as you feel, but when you are relaxed, it is actually not as easy as imagined
Easy, people are often difficult to reason.
124. Common ambiguous words to avoid: "It's inevitable", "It's almost like this"
125. I have my own views and ideas on many things, but I can't solve the problem at present, and it has no effect.
So you should not expand and comment, but think about things that can be effective and valuable now. I even
Always remind yourself: it is not wrong or useless for you to think like this, it is very useful to do a lot quickly
There is nothing wrong with that.
126. Recently, I feel more busy, less thinking, learning and introspection, and less in-depth and patient observation of problems.
Heart, when speed up and full of excitement, it is very easy to maintain a slow down mentality
important.
127. Bear with reality, have expectations for the future, and do something in the present.
128. An introverted but energetic and ambitious person. Introverts are more likely to be successful: United States
The MSNBC website reported that a study found that most people are born with shyness and introversion.
Directed people are more likely to be successful at work. When making decisions, they are willing to spend a lot of time thinking, not
Like to chat about other topics, they are more able to concentrate on a goal, so they succeed
The probability also increases accordingly.
129. Many complex problems are the projection of higher-dimensional simple problems, such as the deformation of playing basketball,
Slow speed and poor coordination often result from lack of physical strength; bad programming, many bugs, and long hours are abstractions
Decomposition of problems is not done well; and, for example, the Navy said that "many management problems are illusions, and the essence is energy.
Power issues”. To solve these essential problems requires greater cost and determination.
130. Go to bed early today and wake up tomorrow morning to read a book. This week's study plan is almost over. start a business
It's a good experience to keep learning and trying in the process.
131. People tend to be short-sighted when their desires are too strong, and blind when they are too self-centered.
132. I never thought it was important to find someone to be confident before, but now I find it more and more important. inertia, depending on
Laziness, procrastination, and conservatism are also caused by lack of self-confidence. Self-confident people will naturally hold themselves high
Please get in touch.
133. It is often said that opportunities always favor those who are prepared. In fact, more often than not, the opportunity has already come
If you don't stand out, you often don't cherish it.
134. Do not raise arguments, but grasp the main problem, any method is an approximation to the truth in a certain time and space
Realization, the more specific the space-time conditions, the more effective the method. If you go to raise the bar "approximately", then
It is more difficult to implement under this space-time condition.
135. Many things are like this. It is neither as easy nor as difficult as you imagined. sleep~~
136.◆The so-called threshold is a door if you pass it, and a threshold if you cannot pass it. ◆The sorrow of life is often, you think
There are knives in both ribs, but there is only one knife. ◆Nostalgia, not how good that era was, but when you were young.
◆I feel unhappy because what we pursue is not "happiness" but "happier than others". ◆
The relationship between the two is like knitting a sweater. When it is built, it is stitched one by one, and when it is removed, it only needs to be pulled lightly.
137. Maturity perception: Maturity means changing from inside-out to outside-in more, that is, in
Sometimes he needs to be a Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtle, and at other times he can be an Action Superman.
138. Yesterday on Father’s Day, I had a video chat with my parents. They are doing business in Guangdong.
There are many disputes in the opinions of the department, and sometimes I want to suggest that they stop operating and retire for the elderly, but they often want to run a company.
Can't retreat. Yesterday my father said that he wanted to put in more effort. I thought that since persuasion was not enough, I would encourage him to give up.
With a hand, trust is encouragement. If I can't go back to help, I have to do my own thing well so that he doesn't
Be worried.
139. Regarding diligence, as far as I know, there are very few successful people who do not work extremely long hours: General Electric’s
The CEO worked a hundred hours a week for at least ten years. Buffett in order to be the earliest to see the next day's
The Wall Street Journal often picks up newspapers at four o'clock in the morning. Diligence is not a form, but a heart
Mental state: Enjoy the process of challenging the limit, maintain enthusiasm and curiosity, and persist in disdain.
140. Harvard has a famous theory: the difference between people lies in their spare time, and a person's fate depends on
Scheduled between 8pm and 10pm. Set aside 2 hours every night for reading, further study,
Think about or participate in intentional speeches and discussions, you will find that your life is changing, stick to it
After a few years, success will beckon you.
141. Today the company held a reading exchange meeting, which mentioned the book "Don't be a normal fool", everyone
Attitudes are divided on whether it is rational.
142. Let’s live, start at the age of 0, grow up happily at the age of 10; wander about love at 20; basic orientation at 30;
40 to fight hard; 50 to look back; 60 to return home; 70 to rub mahjong; 80 to bask in the sun;
90 on the bed; 100 on the wall.
143. The essence of life is to pursue self-improvement. Including thought, ability, will and so on. These hair
Once done, everything will follow. What most people pursue is short-term company, position, salary,
Those with good luck will develop, but those with bad luck will lose their way and become mediocre.
144. I attended a friend’s wedding on the weekend, and found that the groom had recently gone to the information office of a central supervisory structure.
The doctor's bride returned to the groom's hometown to serve as a cadre. They have been separated from each other for 5 years, in order to cherish the opportunity
Still have to keep going. In this way, I can't do it, and I don't agree with it. Life should be as realistic as possible.
Experience the value of life now, and "endure" the loss of life for the sake of static income, the loss is huge, no
created life.
145. There are several reactions to dissatisfaction. 1. Try to improve yourself 2. Try to comfort yourself 3.
YY&YY 4. Complaints and complaints are recorded on other personnel
146. Strong motives are more fundamental than methods
147. People who don’t like to express their opinions are always easy to be thought of as having no ideas or being smart, while some strong people
I like to express my opinions more, so I see that most of the other people are not as smart as me, especially I like to express my opinions about others.
Those who do not have intelligent opinions are even worse.
148. There are some contradictory advantages of being smart and being patient, but people who have both are very good
149. Don’t be ambiguous at all, ambiguity represents luck, self-deception, and self-feeling
floating in the air.
150. Don’t aim to read one book at a time. For example, the goal is to read 5 pages. The current power is 0.1>>0 @
Reflecting on Chen Tao's problem with his inability to read books patiently: If there is an expert every time
They will listen very carefully, and feel very rewarding after listening; while reading a book is a completely different mood.
The classic books on the computer are overwhelming, but I have never looked through them carefully. I really have to borrow books to read them.
You really should give yourself a plan, and look at every reading with the mood you look at appointments and lectures.
151. I don’t know what other people’s real feelings are when they read the book "Living Law".
The requirements in are too high to want to think about.
152. "It's weird", "It's weird" and "Too weird", having these thoughts means that I don't understand, and often
I want to attribute the reason to "strange" to release. Nothing too weird, look for it carefully
You can often find ways to learn.
153. I recently re-read Kazuo Inamori's "How to Live", which mentioned focusing on devotion, and cited ceramics
I was especially impressed by the examples of process improvements. We do everything (write a program, write a
emails, writing a plan), whether you are thinking whether you have put in all your efforts and done it seriously,
Are the results really different? Try it: How focused can you be?
154. I label myself entrepreneurship, technology, management, innovation, and introspection.
155. The term executive power was once very popular. In my understanding, it means attitude and ability. keep screening
And improving everyone's attitude and ability is to improve execution.
156. Habit: Quickly allocate the things to be done on the calendar, it doesn’t matter if it changes, more adjustments
all
157. Are you relaxing or challenging? (This is the first Weibo)
02
【About Management】
1. It is no longer applicable to look around the thatched cottage three times, you must look around
2. My own approach: Forget about qualifications and focus on evaluating abilities and potential. Seniority is an anchor,
But not necessarily accurate.
3. A colleague mentioned that more girls were recruited to enliven the atmosphere. I was dizzy. Sure enough, it was a young and young idea, which was a distraction.
It's not active, so why not learn from Alipay's beauty leg recruitment? After thinking about it over the weekend, it should be possible to actually see the production
The product is improving, the user experience is improving, and I am improving in practice. There is wisdom and sparks in communication.
The improvement of personal return satisfaction is the key to high.
4. Don't pretend, be honest and real. The team is full of honest and real people, and the cost of communication will be much lower.
5. Whether candid communication is the main problem of the company's team management
6. For entrepreneurs, finding the right person is often an excuse for inaction, but the truth is the right person
It will never exist, let yourself become the most suitable person. Entrepreneurs should always be half of HR
exist.
7. According to the statistics of many companies, the order of team elimination of individuals is often as follows: the first batch, those with obvious defects,
Liars who are hated by everyone; the second group, those who are unwilling to communicate and do not fit in; the third group, those who are capable but
Lazy people, those who try to sit back and reap the rewards; the fourth group, those who take credit for their pride and despise their colleagues.
8. He answered the key points of dealing with some people in the team who could not keep up with the company's development. Three principles: 1.
Mainly, if you have a big problem, you need to leave 2. Speak clearly and unambiguously, speak well, first encourage and give opportunities,
Don't worry the team by surprise, guesswork. 3. In the case of virtue, talent lagging behind or mismatch, give
The parachute of the person who descends, the parachute must have gold content, and it must be considered for others
9. When you give a person enough trust and pressure, he can always do better than before.
10. During the meeting, there are always some busy people who are busy answering emails and playing text messages, thinking that the other things discussed
It is extremely wrong to think that people's affairs have nothing to do with themselves. Let you attend the meeting to explain what the leader thinks the meeting will be about
You need to know and want to be heard, and if it turns out you can't listen and don't contribute to the meeting,
Slowly you will no longer be asked to attend meetings, and over time you will be marginalized in the organization.
11. A fair culture and fair trust are very important, with clear rewards and punishments, so that everyone can trust the game
Only when the rules of the game exist, will you challenge yourself for greater rewards, and there will be no fluke mentality. original like this
Then the CEO must keep in mind.
12. For the organization, it is necessary to clearly convey the excellent standards and keep improving. ambiguity and confusion
It's actually a sacrifice.
13. Joining us does not represent the current job. In case I say just in case, this vote is unsuccessful,
Joining us, you will find that there are still many things worth doing in the world. just to see if you have
Have enough vision and passion.
14. Perhaps the hardest thing for a CEO is resisting the urge to solve problems on your own
see. You have been in a lot of battles, and you are probably the most experienced and qualified to solve problems. but
This does not make it possible to build a good management team. Leave the opportunity to others and expect them to figure it out
Solving the problem is very difficult, but it is also very worthwhile. In this way, the ability of the whole team can be improved.
promote.
15. I often see people with pretty positions, but when I look closely, I find that every time he is promoted, he will send out when he changes jobs
raw. This will make me vigilant, because the boss will raise the salary and promote the good people to keep them. if a person
Being promoted multiple times in the same company puts me at ease, because people who know him better than me are optimistic about him.
He gives him more responsibility, and he does it time and time again. You get promoted only when you change jobs.
Fuck, fool the new boss.
16. Amazon started by selling books, and now it makes a lot of money even if it doesn’t sell books. 360 started by doing search, and now it doesn’t
Cable is also very powerful, but some companies, such as Xunlei, started from p2sp and client-side, but lacked in this field
Continue to expand and innovate. That's the team difference.
17. A boss worth more than 20 billion won’t show off, climb mountains, brag, spat, or accept
Interviews, not on TV magazines, set an example like a grassroots employee and test the product every day
products, endlessly improve the product experience. This is the biggest reason for Tencent's success. And was beaten by Tencent
The defeated Losers have never realized this, either scolding it for plagiarism, or saying it relies on QQ
to be successful.
18. Startups are becoming more and more popular in China, and outstanding talents will also be among them. Besides good machine
System is also an important competitiveness. I suggest that all entrepreneurs share their creative ideas with a good mentality, mechanism and team.
It is easier for start-up companies to attract talents because of the business process and results rather than "fooling".
19. Complete the preparations for the issuance of options today, and distribute them to the first batch of outstanding members next week. start to formulate
When issuing the plan, I had some disagreements with other directors: I emphasized that I hope to issue the rights at a very low exercise price.
options, other directors emphasized accounting valuation issues. ended up going with my solution because I'm very
Understand the mindset of entrepreneurial team members. The mentality and state of an early company member are the most fundamental,
Other issues are just "technical issues".
20. The more advanced the talent with the greater the influence, the more you need to look at some basic qualities: rationality, logic, self-cultivation,
ambition, self-control.
21. Actually, I really want to know what the team members do on weekends. . . I always hope that everyone will have enough time
Effectiveness used. . Of course, what I’m talking about is not just work, but the priority of using study, rest, entertainment,
Exercise, communicate, and think. And can work together.
22.#Workplace Summary# Work is basically a process of accumulating reputation. My work today has been
Accumulate credibility for your own tomorrow. I always lose the chain at work, and need to be reminded to keep losing
own credibility. We are what we repeatedly do , not we repeatedly think
or want or say.
23. There is no free lunch. If a startup company wants to get ahead, it requires very good and high self-requirements.
Say goodbye to "almost", "it's okay", "let's do it first", say goodbye to lost work, procrastination,
80 points. Many start-up companies are not as good as big companies and are immersed in the state of "entrepreneurship".
Or a pseudo-"startup" state where you just immerse yourself in the long hours.
24. Jiang Ziya became the commander-in-chief of the armed forces at the age of 81. He did two things in the first 80 years: study hard
and exercise.
25. What is the strongest enemy of a company? "Frankly," Welch said. Deeply agree. fortunately,
Candor can be cultivated.
26. I think that the work of the team in the future, no matter how big or small, should define and decompose the goals of the work, and post
sent out. 1. In this way, others can give their opinions. 2. It can avoid duplication of work. 3. Avoid
The definition is clear and there are errors in understanding; 4. At the same time, it can estimate the workload and evaluate the efficiency method. Clearly does not contain
Confusion should become the company's culture.
27. [Workplace] Last night, please play more outstanding employees for dinner, and chatted about some workplace experiences. (1) Treat yourself as
The boss sees that if you work hard like a boss, your ability will naturally improve. With the ability, if you play more
If you can't give you a good return, other companies will definitely give it. (2) Not every time you pay, you will be rewarded,
But if you continue to pay, there will be rewards. @李学陵 added one more point: like your boss
Thinking, ability will improve faster.
28. Someone asked me how to break through my career bottleneck, I said: Your bottleneck lies in your heart. you
The heart is wider and the mentality is better. When encountering problems, turn yourself to a higher level to look at the problem, and put what is in your heart
Some small entanglements, small doubts, small calculations, and small selfishness, break everything, and you will have no bottlenecks.
29. Recently, everyone reviewed the progress of Jiujiufang for half a year and discussed everyone's summary and assumptions.
Our confidence has grown even stronger. Discussed with colleagues: Entrepreneurship requires frequent introspection, avoiding self-strengthening and
hypnosis. So we need to distinguish between confidence and "YY". True confidence comes from seeing your own progress and potential.
It can be divided into two aspects: 1. Confidence in judging the matter itself 2. Confidence in yourself and the team.
30. At one o'clock in the morning on Saturday, I received a text message from an entrepreneur: The conclusion of everyone's discussion is that the ultimate
Drive yourself crazy and drive others to death! At that time, they were working hard all night for their dreams. I
The ultimate understanding is to make something beyond one's own ability, only the ultimate thing can surpass the user
The imagination, will have a good reputation.
31. It is one of the characteristics of a good team to be able to self-request and challenge each other in the subtleties.
For example, the usual time allocation, working status, thinking training, communication and expression, and small habits.
32. The easiest way to recruit people is to recruit people who have done this job. However, the most suitable trait can be found
people are more important. Especially for innovative companies, many positions may not have mature people corresponding to them, or the industry
The general standard is not particularly suitable, or there are some special requirements for specific positions. At this time pass
It is particularly important to recruit people with personality skills and hobbies based on the understanding of the position.
33. In fact, joining an excellent early-stage company has an obvious benefit: the company will try its best
Help you improve, because the company has a lot to do, and the staff is limited. this time there will be
Potential people put forward various high demands and help them improve. In a big company even if your boss wants to (varies
Certain) spend time and energy coaching you, certainly not as much as startups.
34. After interviewing more than a dozen people this week, I finally decided on an intern. There may have been 50 interviews in the past month or so
There are many people, there are only 2 very interested candidates in total, one of them failed and the other is still negotiating. Every
When I want to lower my requirements, I remind myself that I must not go low but go high. We must
Do well, not finish. And especially in the early days, the ability and quality of the core few people
Degree is the most critical.
35. A good team should be able to continuously innovate and break through.
36. I admire two friends who started their business with 100,000 yuan two years ago. I met an entrepreneur today.
I was surprised to start a business with 0 yuan 3 years ago.
37. The company's incentive system and assessment system are very important. I don't know if what I'm looking at is a special case.
I learned that managers in important positions in many companies have been earning good returns for a long time while focusing their energy on
Put in toss what you think. Be sure to avoid this. (No one will feel that this is the case
Existence is also reasonable)
38. In the past, when interviewing and selecting candidates, I never felt that the trait of self-confidence was very important, but now I find that in
Generally simple things and work confidence is not an important trait, but for some key things
Confidence is an important distinguishing characteristic from responsibility. Things that are really difficult or challenging are often reverse operations
or relatively lonely.
39. Brother Liang said at noon that in the early stage of a start-up company, he had to work hard and interview people to find talents. Lao Wang said that his first
One position is hr. I think they are right.
40. It took about half a year to go online, and I often feel that the progress is too slow. Speed, quality, and cost cannot all be the same
Of course, the speed of team growth is also an important factor.
41. Today, I will share what I have learned about myself and the company from the 1:1 communication with different team members in the past six months.
The opinions and suggestions were reviewed and divided into resolved, partially resolved, and problems still exist. kindness,
Improved is not good enough.
42. Marriage requires a long process of falling in love to get a certificate, but the time to find a business partner is very short.
If marriage is 60 years of cooperation, and entrepreneurship is six or seven years of cooperation, should we spend 1/10 of the time
How about talking about "love"?
43. Long-term returns focus on stock options. However, this aspect is not yet standardized in China: even the early core
Members are not informed of the proportion of their options to the company's total share capital, and there is no universal priority for repayment.
Concepts such as exercise price and exercise conditions, so many company boards make the total number of shares very large, allowing employees to
Work sounds nice. I don't think it's going to last, we're not going to do that.
44. How to attract talents: I summarize (the summary does not mean that I have done a good job, but realize that I need to do a good job) four
Three elements: [short-term returns], [long-term returns], [personal growth], [spiritual life].
From left to right, from easy to difficult, rich and unusual life experience and spiritual life are the most comprehensive
To seek the highest, we must constantly reflect on the pursuit, and Jiujiufang will work hard to do it well! Welcome excellent technical personnel,
Product talent joins and works together.
45. Some people can be inspired by the pursuit of excellence, others should be motivated by realistic rewards, but other
In fact, the two methods can be related. I relate like this: "As long as I can improve patience does not
If there are enough shortcomings, it is equivalent to a 30% increase in personal value."
03
【About Business】
1. There is no sense of security in the stacked products, only the correct choice can be made.
2. The results of the organization are all outside the organization, so don't say that the completion of a certain project is the result, but should be
Always pay attention to the results reflected externally, such as: what aspects of user experience have been improved, and the company’s
What benefits the industry has gained.
3. What is the Weibo verification code? I can’t answer it right. The quality of such an important thing is like this.
On the line. learn a lesson.
4. Entrepreneurship is like giving birth to a child: Prepare your physical strength, use long-term strength, and take a quick breath; there is nothing wrong with crying out for pain and complaining.
Use, focus on working hard, and persist in the critical moment!
5. Emphasis on service and feelings is an important opportunity. With the increase of income level, I am afraid of trouble and hope
High-quality service will become the driving force for payment. Helping users save money is no longer the only idea, not even the best
train of thought.
Very strong technical application to improve the experience, relying on the strong driving force of technology to make the impossible possible.
6. Frequently asked questions for product managers: What are the benefits, is it important, how do you know, and how to achieve this
is there a good practice
7. If you are very talented and have a skill in some aspects, please don't rush to show your edge.
If you only went to the new unit as an ordinary person and not as a leader, then you should not be too sharp.
dew. When a person arrives at a new unit, it is like throwing a stone into a calm pool of water, which often leads to confusion.
Attracting attention, every move, every word and deed, are all in the eyes of others.
8. I am always happy and depressed when I find a problem, happy: solve the problem; depressed: why I found it,
Why did you only find out now
9. When making products, we must persist in facing the facts, carefully analyzing and verifying carefully, and do not make detours, do not get lucky, do not procrastinate.
late gratification.
10. Entrepreneurial taboo: before thinking about progress, [first] think about retreat
11. I'm almost finished reading it too, I recommend it. My shared internal communication. I also read a book "From Zero to
"Ten Billions" Although the environment between China and the United States is quite different, there is not much difference between entrepreneurship and life.
12【. In the middle of the night, come to something powerful, the four principles of entrepreneurship】Just now another brother who came out to start a business is on msn
chat with me. Share with him sincerely again: 1. You can only rely on yourself in everything; 2. There is a solution to everything, and only
There is only one positive answer; 3. Everything you worry about will happen; 4. From the first day of starting a business, enjoy
by!
13. In the future, there will be more innovations in input and output to allow information to flow, and more mechanisms for distributing recommendations will be transferred.
move up
14. I have encountered 2 big fools since I was a child (not the kind of people who are fooled by something, but who are foolish),
One middle school classmate, one this year, my conclusion is that you must not associate with big fools, otherwise
Even if the interests are not damaged, word of mouth will be damaged. Don't even try to be perfunctory, that would be a waste
Take your time.
15. Lin Biao studied strategy more than tactics. In 1946, when the Communist Army first arrived in the Northeast, one division could not defeat the first
group. He risked his life to go to the battlefield to watch the battle, and studied the squad's three-three battle formation, one point two sides, etc.
tactical approach. And personally lectured and promoted it, narrowing the gap in combat effectiveness with the national army. Without Lin Biao, the Communist Party
It is very likely that the Northeast will be lost and the course of the war will be changed. For an enterprise, if there are too many strategists, it is not a good thing.
The more people who pay attention to details, the better.
16. Start-up companies rely on the middle strategy to go to work on weekends, and hope to rely on the best strategy: very proactive, peak
status, time management. Procative, Mindfull, Sensitive
17. Looking at Ma Huateng's Tencent Weibo, he is really a product manager and project manager who pays great attention to user experience.
18. Tomorrow is the first day of September. On this day last year, I left the previous team to start preparations
99fang.com. The performance in the past year has been excellent and deficient, but it has laid a very good product/use
Customer/market//technology/team foundation, especially I can clearly feel the progress of the team. starting from tomorrow,
We need to have higher challenges and requirements for ourselves
19. Today, a colleague of the company used G2 for a week and said: Although I still don’t know how to use many functions, but
But I think everyone will be using smartphones in 5 years, and I am very happy to use them now. similar words
I heard it again in the company, this time it was a prediction from a colleague with a non-IT background. Using a smartphone is
A change in attitude and way of life, while trying a new life itself is a positive attitude, and positive
Attitudes are contagious.
20. Repeatedly experience the need to experience the product and use the product intensively
21. Irrationality allows various business opportunities to exist in society, and irrationality makes startup companies miss these opportunities. No
Be irrational, be very rational.
22. The Internet industry tends to be WinnerTakesAll, even traditional industries tend to be 120%
Those who work hard get a 200% return. This can be beneficial to society, and society needs incentives
Sharp, extreme, and innovative to drive social development. So before you go out every day, ask yourself how you can do your best
Go all out to be outstanding.
23. Strategy is very important, but the team is also very important, I have personal experience. Kuxun and Qunar
There is a lot of competition, the direction is clear, but the gap is getting bigger and bigger. At that time, they competed with Kaixin at home and abroad.
I also have a good understanding of the data products, but it is a pity that I just watched the opponent's success from product to promotion.
profit. Going back to the current group buying website, the model is very simple and there is no threshold, but it can also open up this
What a big gap.
24. At noon, I met a very interesting team doing audio information processing. I believe that the gathering of information
There is a lot of room for combination, retrieval, association, and recommendation.
25. A lot of models, directions, and strategies have been mentioned, but many companies actually die because they are very important but easy
basic points or details that are ignored
26. Persist in sampling and tracking 10 user feedbacks every day to avoid negligence of problems.
27. Jingdong Mall's practice of "not going upstairs" has actually been used in many industries. For example, there is no shopping guide, no
It is very correct and confident to take away the table and not be responsible for the installation. study.
28. I just finished the user usability test and found many problems. Usability testing is about bringing teams up close
Observe the user experience objectively and carefully, and find that the team takes it for granted during work or because they are familiar with
and ignore the problem. Wishful thinking and self-strengthening in the process of starting a business is what I always remind myself
Avoided.
29. Common problems of start-up companies: technology blames product, product blames strategy, strategy blames market. but often
The technical products, products, and products of companies that go to this situation are not doing very well.

